listen I've yet to see a single episode
of Riverdale even though it's probably
the most recommended show I've gotten so
Sabrina is my first introduction to this
CW / Netflix world where everyone is so
damned attractive I don't know if the
two are supposed to be connected
considering that there has already been
a strikes in Sabrina that come from
Riverdale but there's also some
characters from Riverdale that are here
and supposedly a contradicts what's
happening I don't really know what I
think is hilarious though is the behind
the scenes about the showrunner because
the guy who's doing both of these shows
at one point in the early 2000s was
making a play about Archie and the
company hit him with a cease and desist
they actually forced him to change the
name of all the characters in order to
perform the play because they thought
that making Archie gay would tarnish the
character and then a decade later this
man became the chief creative officer of
the comics after they hired him to do
afterlife with Archie that made them so
much money they decided to hire him to
run both of these shows proving that
cash dissolves all grudges so much so
that they're already filming the second
season they even have a Christmas
special that's coming out so of course I
had to go to my local church so I can be
protected while I binge this witchery
before I got kicked out for using the
church's Netflix accounts in fact this
thing is getting sued by the Satanic
Church for copyright reasons they
literally tweeted out that the use of
the statue within the show is culturally
appropriating the ones that they have in
their place so white people appropriate
and Satan so well the Church of Satan
doesn't like it right
Christians are obviously praying for
their kids to steer clear from it I had
to see what this show actually had to
offer
let me explain
go to me this whole thing is like the
wizarding world meets One Tree Hill
Sabrina's practically a half-blood
princess who hangs out with her muggle
friends before realizing she has a
bigger destiny in line for her she goes
to a demonic Hogwarts that specializes
more in blouses than they do houses her
classmate with the white hair is always
out together and I know that I'm not the
only one who saw this chick and thought
that she was just a blonde her mind
fast-moving zombies is a relatively new
concept in horror earlier incarnations
assume that reanimated corpses were
afflicted by rigor mortis
this girl has a pee-wee Herman house
except with magic she's living with a -
witch and since her parents died when
she was young and so the biggest
struggle that they're facing with
Sabrina is whether or not she's going to
sign her soul over to the devil when she
turns the right age or not you know
teenager stuff in fact the whole thing
is kind of like a flip on Catholicism
you know her dark baptism that she has
to go through is practically like a
communion they put stuff on their
foreheads they have just as many idols
and they're just as superstitious some
people might say that a bat crashing
through a window is a bad omen or you
become considering there was a past
witch hunt in Greendale these witches
are really set on converting Sabrina so
they don't lose her to the mortals they
put a little bit curse on her and end up
hunting down those around her teeth no
no I knew her bastard of a father who
broke originality married a mortal sow
brother these witches got shooters out
here one of them is trying so hard to be
Satan's mrs. Claus that she takes the
form of Sabrina's teacher in order to
lurk on her and when I say lurk I mean
this lady's like a Randall from monsters
ink all over the place
funniest thing about her is that she
kept reminding me of Lord right there
was something about her every time I saw
her I just kept thinking of Lord but it
wasn't until they introduced Mr
Blackwood who is the high priest of the
Church of night that I realized that
they both look like they review fast
food in their car
so Sabrina's aunt Zelda may have been an
elf warrior in one life but here she's
that aunts who makes you show up at
family parties just to keep up
appearances like Aunt Hilda's cool she's
the one who shows up to the party to
snatch a plate Bozell des wants everyone
in the church to know they're doing well
so Sabrina gets forced to do her dark
baptism she ends up dressing up like
Katniss just to take it all off and
right when she's about to sign her life
away she books it like Forrest into the
forest teens always running away from
their psychic responsibilities
production team saw Evil Dead so they
try to imitate that tree scene to stop
her but she escapes since my name is
Sabrina believe it or not the devil ate
a feminist so he ain't having it and so
he gets mrs. Lord to step up her game as
she starts seducing the principal to get
closer to Sabrina and turns him into an
ICP fan we can and can't read amen
so just like the church in real life
Satan in the show is taking Sabrina to
court because she didn't sign her soul
over to him you think the one who duped
even to eating a fruit could take a hint
nah in fact I expect a little bit more
dignity from the dark arts and not
forging a damn baby's signature nice and
love child it's Sabrina Spellman how
after Austin left Ally he went to
Greendale where he started dating
Sabrina and we got to see this cutesy
relationship between a dude who comes
from a family of witch hunters and a
witch who keeps men blacking him all the
time I have a coping strategy
whenever I'm really missing you I'll
hold you close to my heart listen to my
voice hear my words I forget I said
anything plus reminder buzzer
Sabrina also has her more defense who
start a feminist union at their school
known as Wicca because you know she's a
witch one of her friends is also getting
bullied by the jocks because I guess
they didn't like her and stranger things
and her other friend Roz I personally
think has one of the best storylines
like there's this bit involving banning
books that she's vehemently fighting
against and you realize that the reason
she's so up on it it's because she's
close to becoming blind they didn't even
show you her grandma who played Rose on
lost and here she lost her vision you
say all the time
grandma Walker went blind because she
didn't have faith now that would be a
bogus thing to say in our world but like
say it straight up runs a school in this
one so it turns out you've little faith
we'll go blind
her grandma also tells her about the
power of visions that run in their
family which would make for a great TV
show if it wasn't done already so these
two end up being just one side of
Sabrina's story at school while we also
see her home life starring the boy
Ambrose this dude is under house arrest
for trying to blow up the Vatican not a
Kmart or a Popeyes or whatever else boo
hits up my man went straight for the
damn Vatican he Sabrina's cousin so he
helps out with the mortuary that they
run he's trying to investigate a warlock
murder that he believed happened but his
down time my man spit in his game with
an e with an iguana because I have him
upstairs if he wanted to say hi and even
though an hilda did a little Bill Cosby
don't think we didn't see that
eventually these warlocks Locke wants
Sabrina ends up hiring this lawyer who
her father knew is so scummy like this
dude wasn't just defending criminals he
defended the dude who killed his own
daughter tick-tock
Tanya Webster sir needless to say he's
freaking fantastic at his job and finds
out that Sabrina was actually dunked in
holy water right after she was born and
since her Aunt Hilda was there as a
witness for the baptism well and Hilda
gets excommunicated but it does clear
Sabrina since she's already been claimed
and all she has to do is go to emo
Hogwarts we meet this dude named Nick
who's willing to scratch every itch
Easy's already have to be such a
all the time prove why do you have to be
such a warlock all the time Gossip
Girl look at how but of course Sabrina
is focused on her studies yes miss
Spellman can witches perform exorcisms
oh yes great elective obviously Sabrina
still has it out for Satan so she's
really just going to school because she
wants to eventually take like AP potions
with Snape but the Dean of the school is
also out together one of her biggest
enemies besides Satan are these three
plastics called the Weird Sisters
they're all orphans who hate half-breeds
which is why they despise Sabrina they
black no human jocks and give them the
wrecked-tile dysfunction so when the
Dean calls them up to hey Sabrina
they misunderstand that is hanging
Sabrina so Sabrina has to call up the
children of the corn who pull up and
teach them a lesson since all of these
kids also died due to hazing and they
put these sisters in their place
Sabrina's then giving this dementia code
that supposedly her father worked on and
that she needs to unlock in order to
join conjuring class but unbeknownst to
her she engages the demon inside
this whole episode has a sleep demon
torturing them in their dreams in order
to get to their subconscious and you you
got Ambrose who's living in a loop Zelda
has a bad dinner date
Hilda goes out with the principal who
had an insatiable taste for his twin and
ate him in the womb and Sabrina gets
hunted down by her own husband on her
wedding day because I guess she binge
Kill Bill before knocking now mrs. ward
will however steps in and snap Sabrina
out of it and the rest of the episode
it's just Sabrina playing inception as
she hops into each of their nightmares
in order to protect them say in his
super long spell girl Open Sesame would
have done of course a dreamcatcher ends
up being the thing that saves them from
a dream demon they spider up and yeah
this ends up being my least favorite
episode hands down so Sabrina pulls up
on mrs. ward well because she's noticing
that this lady has been snooping around
a little too much and Lillith over here
as she actually goes by says that she's
been spying on behalf of Sabrina's
father for her protection pretty much
taking up the mantle of Hagrid now
usually parents struggle to get their
teens to go to church but um in this one
they're trying their hardest to make
sure Sabrina doesn't go to mass reason
being is that she wants to pull off an
exorcism to help Susie's uncle who's
been possessed but I guess Catholics
have the copyrights on exorcisms and
well you already know the show is facing
a lawsuit
Sabrina learns that her boyfriend had an
encounter with a goat monster which
would have been saying years ago so she
does everything in her power to pull off
this ritual in order to protect her
friends and while she does little does
she know that again it's all a part of
mrs. demon clauses plants
[Music]
oh and Nick still trying she also have
two nature's you go to two schools why
not they two guys now this to me is the
most jacked-up episode right so these
witches have this annual tradition known
as feast of feasts it's like their
Thanksgiving / feast of tabernacles
except there is no turkey the turkey is
a person even weirder than that is that
the families consider it an honor to be
eaten so they all actually volunteer as
tribute to enter this lottery to see
who's lucky enough to become queen
Sabrina's like the only one who realizes
that they in living in pilgrim times
anymore you know there's no famine so
there's really no need for this ritual
so even when her weird enemy gets chosen
yeah I personally would have let her get
eaten but Sabrina has morals and stuff
if you wanted to escape I would happily
look the other way would I want to
escape I'm about to be transubstantiated
now there's also a big revelation in
this episode about Blackwood who again
isn't just a Dean of the school but the
high priest and this guy believes that
the church is getting so progressive
because it's getting so conservative so
obviously he's trying to get a male heir
now that his wife is pregnant with twins
but Lady Blackwood over here is a little
concerned about her husband starting it
up in his younger days so she actually
rigged the lotto in this episode in
order to get rid of who she believes is
his Joanna's snow because she and her
sisters are your seat are you my
father then
I am they serve up a truth cake that
makes them tell the truth and for the
first time I actually felt for prudence
are you nervous - hmm no you've just
dolphins at the end they end up looking
over the syllabus and realize that yeah
they got to make these changes so they
end up cutting out the feast ritual bit
of course there's always that overly
religious woman at church who takes it
too far
you didn't just contact the principal so
now these two realize that they're less
special than they already were so they
start acting even weirder they start
playing with these voodoo dolls that end
up rocking these minors one of them
actually being Harvey's brother he's
coming here to plan Tommy's funeral for
tomorrow he's rushing it because he
can't collect the insurance check until
there's been a funeral we haven't even
found his body yet and we thought these
witches were heartless
thanks to Roz's vision Sabrina pulls up
on Wendy Adams and makes her do this
ritual in order to get her in-law back
and she's straight arya stark sir but
both of them come back kinda by now I
get why people like the show right it's
kind of like a mix of everything it's
not as light as the previous Sabrina
series especially since I'm still
waiting for the cat to talk adolescence
is not sitting well with you but I get
the craving for a teen drama slash a
cult thriller it's clear the showrunners
love horror classics with all of their
own magis you know Sabrina's dress like
Mia Farrow was and Rosemary's Baby
Harvey showing off his midriff like
Johnny Depp did on Elm Street he's also
reading American vampire which is a
fantastic comic series I would recommend
and while everyone's so concerned about
the statue they took the window from
Suspiria to a wallpaper from Suspiria
the mural from Suspiria hello maybe even
the viewers from Suspiria but I think
it's cool seeing all these little
references because it shows how much the
production team acknowledges the
classics that came before them and we're
talking classics from all genres
my it looks like a heavy pizza even the
ending of this episode gets fifty shades
darker you will flagellate me then I
will flagellate you and together we will
suffer in exquisite ecstasy so I guess
none of these kids know about Lazarus
pits because of course Tommy didn't come
back the same
Sabrina then has to enter the further to
rescue Tom's soul from limbo pulling
that thing from insidious string and all
when she bumps into her mom leaves her
out to die she ends up confessing to her
friends that she's a witch since one of
them is already having visions about it
and the others ready to go to the
mascara
Sabrina hits Harvey with the second
biggest revelation a girl can do and
after learning that she's a witch you
know learning the truth of her brother
he chooses to put down his own blood and
ends his relationship with Sabrina
obviously lady Blackwood ends up dying
during childbirth but since the eldest
of the two twins is a girl Zelda has to
lie and the sights to kidnap the
daughter so she doesn't get sacrificed
and claims to blackwater that the
remaining boy ate the other one in the
room something that keeps popping up and
black what it's proud of as it should be
what well then goes all out and
converting Sabrina by summoning these
witches the thirteen from the previous
hunts that we talked about that are
gonna kill absolutely everyone in town
like ship cos used to madman but these
witches are on a whole nother level
thus mrs. Satan is finally able to
convince her to sign the book in order
to possess the powers to take them down
and she ends up becoming one of only
four witches that have digivolved enough
to summon Hellfire
what's funny about that is that this
whole time Lilith has been doing this
dirty work because she thinks it's gonna
make her Queen right when in reality
Sabrina now has a new haircut and you
power so Satan's probably eyeing or her
the same way he did Jesus in the desert
like she must feel like that McDonald's
crew trainer who's been putting in the
work to become manager only for Jose to
get it brah Jose just got here by the
answer Brina has sacrificed her mortal
life in order to become Lindsay Lohan
and Mean Girls
saving Greendale and proving to us that
out of all the team productions Netflix
has done leave it to the one about
witchcraft to be the most moral one
that's not catty thank you guys
for checking out this video I'm Kirsten
on your thoughts down below in the
comment section this is a long ten hours
but yeah to scrub through it and I
thought it was interesting I'm curious
to see how similar Riverdale is I don't
I I thought Riverdale was just like a
regular I don't know high school drama
does it also have all this magic I guess
that's gonna be something that I'm gonna
have to cover I know there's like three
seasons of that as well a lot of
episodes but this one was interesting I
give it the renta you know it's
obviously streamable but I give it the
renta you know there's that Christmas
episode that's coming out so I may do
something on that as well but I'm
curious know you guys thoughts out there
any little Easter eggs or stuff that I
missed like plot points that you think
are gonna come back in the second season
any of that stuff I also want to give a
big shout-out to my friend Lea from drum
dumps definitely go check out this video
right here that I have linked Oliva
comments I had a little time stamp right
there I was invited on his show to talk
my favorite horror movies so if you've
ever been curious to see what let me
explains favorite horror movies are well
I explain them over there definitely go
show them some love just leave a
comments over there comment the others
comment that comment the others let me
explain sent you the car to hunt you
whatever it is but let me know if that's
on this on anything else don't forget to
comment like and subscribe or missus
wardro we'll Randall you